Shi Jiashi Tianzuo has seen Lord Ghost Hand
Sir, you must accept our teacher's family this time.
Our family is counting on you
Master, we are all old acquaintances
You don't need to give such a big gift when you meet.
Lu Yao Lu Yao
How dare you come in!
Nishijima, you know this gentleman?
I don't know this dog
Lu Yao, how dare you interfere in the game?
Don't you ask the key at the door?
Mr. Liu
I don't deserve it, are you the only one who deserves it?
Hello, Huiyao
I'll let you take a good look at the games here today
You can't take any pictures today.
You apply for bidding
We, Actor
Never cooperate with the local dogs in the building
Pardon me?
You may not understand
To participate in our bidding, you must apply in advance.
Who said we didn't apply?
There should be names on your list that look back, right?
Remarks There are three people in total.
what?
You are the wise man
Du Yao, what are you?
Dare to impersonate Lord Ghost Hand here
Manager Jin must not be deceived by this trash
He's just a waste guy who runs a factory to collect junk.
How could it have anything to do with Lord Ghost Hand?
Ah!
Together we
Ouyang
Why don't you get out of that position?
Offended Lord Ghost Hand
You don't even know how to write the word death
Is that right? Then look at the second one here